Product Name
Faith Funnels AI
The name of your product/service. Buyer sees this on their receipt.
Product Image

Choose FileFaithFunnelsAI logo 125x125.png
Remove Reset to Default
(optional) Upload an image for your product. This will be shown on various pages around the site and in the marketplace. If you do not upload one, then the default one shown will be used. The image should be 125px x 125px.
Category
Category
The category for this Product (select up to 3).
Keywords
Keywords
(optional) Enter up to 3 keywords/phrases that help describe your Product, containing only numbers, letters, and spaces. [ie. if you were selling a Wordpress plugin for SEO, you might enter "wordpress","plugin", and "seo" (without the quotes)]
Content Type
Content Type
The type of content this Product contains (select all that apply).
Webinar
Turn this ON if this Product is being sold via a Webinar (Live or Automated)
Product Access
 To give access to this product to the buyer, you can either upload a file -or- enter a URL where the product can be accessed. Choose one only.
Download File
Choose FileNo file chosen
The file the buyer will receive when they purchase this product. (ONE file only - add multiple files to ZIP before uploading) Max Size = 100MB
Access URL
 Show available tokens (advanced)
The URL where a buyer can access this product (if download is not being used above). This should NOT link to any upsells/salespages, but directly to the file or membership area for this product.
Admin Access Info
In order for us to make sure your product meets marketplace standards, we need to be able to access and review it. If any login info, passwords, etc.. are required, enter it here.
Licensing
 Choose the type of license the buyer will receive when they purchase this product. Licensing FAQ
Type

--Select--
The type of license for this product.
Refund Policy, Terms and Conditions
Refund Period
The length of time (in days) from purchase that you offer refunds. Enter "0" for no refunds (60 days or less recommended). Having a zero refund policy requires terms and conditions acknowledgement.
Terms and Conditions
(100000 characters remaining)
Enter custom Refund Policy and/or Terms and Conditions. Leave it blank if you want to allow unconditional refunds and don't have custom terms and conditions. Max 100000 characters, text only (no HTML).
Support Details
Support Email
support@faithfunnelsai.com
The email address given to buyers to contact you for support.
Support URL
(optional) The link given to buyers to contact you for support
Sale Notification
ON 
Sale notifications for this product type can be setup on the notification settings page.
Disclosures
Product Status

Open / Available for Sale
The status of this product.
Ownership

== SELECT ONE ==
For an original product, bonus/extra content can be PLR, as long as the main product being sold meets the Original Creator / Exclusive Owner requirements
AI Disclosure

== SELECT ONE ==
Does this product contain AI-generated content?
Certification
I certify that I have the legal right to sell and/or distribute this product, and am doing so according to any terms and conditions associated with it and/or WarriorPlus. I understand that if it is found that I do not have such rights, any earnings associated with the sale of this product and/or related products may be forfeited and/or reclaimed, my account will be closed, and WarriorPlus reserves the right to take legal action against me and/or my company, as deemed necessary.


Pricing
Sale Type

Buy Now / Single Payment
Regular Price
(optional) The regular price of this Product, used to show discount amounts in some places.
Sale Price
The selling price of this Product (or the start price if this is a dimesale/timesale).
Limit Sales
